{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Mood Documentation
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
1. Calm\
\
I think music and audio are really powerful tools for evoking emotion, so I made a sort of sounds library matching up audio tracks with an imagined situation, all of which evoke a sense of \'93calm\'94 for me. The little text box is set against a picture that fills the whole screen, immersing the viewer in that mood. The people I tested it on all agreed that the sounds were nice and calming, but wondered if anyone would hang out on the site long enough to listen to all the tracks all the way through. \
\
2. Centered\
\
For me, centered is a different emotion than calm. Calm is settled, at ease, and centered is clarity and the lack of fog or confusion. They\'92re definitely similar, but centered is a simpler, more pure emotion, so to contrast with the immersive experience I did for \'93calm,\'94 I made a very simple page with just a few lines of one of my favorite, deeply centering songs. Hover is a somewhat passive interaction, which fits with the idea of kind of gently finding clarity. The words are first a cloud of confusion, and once you hover it all comes into focus slowly and calmly. This was the only page that didn\'92t take any explanation or prompting for my testers to use successfully and give me the feedback that they felt an emotion of clarity and calmness. \
\
3. Delight\
\
This one was another simple concept, which was mostly about testing my coding abilities. I\'92ve never done any kind of click interaction before, and my attempt to teach myself JS on my own wasn\'92t successful, so I ended up finding out about the CSS checkbox hack and using that on this page. Delight is about surprise, happiness, and levity, and I figured puppies are always a good way to achieve that. When I tested it, my people wanted to keep clicking the first circle, thinking it would prompt something new with each click (which I wish I could do!), but eventually figured out they needed to scroll down. If I knew how, I would\'92ve loved to change it so that the first circle can be clicked multiple times over and keep delivering puppies, but I\'92m actually super proud that I could even make it work at all!\
\
}