{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
Initial idea: I want to make the page look like a sand garden someone\'92s been playing in, with the words floating over the sand and various patterns carved into it. \
\
I later realized that without editing the HTML, I don\'92t know how to add fun fonts, and I also can\'92t 1) add images (I was envisioning such cute little rocks around the edges!) or 2) add divs specifically for decoration. Back to the drawing board.\
\
After actually looking at the HTML, I had a panic moment and decided to simplify. I settled on a theme of light, bright, and garden-inspired, but more like a manicured spa garden than a backyard garden. I want it to feel fresh, alive, and modern while also being very clear and straightforward. I keep having to tell myself to simplify every time I get overwhelmed with the unfamiliar language in the HTML.\
\
Problems/solutions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Only using Helvetica. This is partially self-inflicted, but also partially because I can\'92t find a list of the fonts available in CSS without linking out to another stylesheet. Solution: embrace Helvetica.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Not being able to add images in the HTML. Solution: add them as background images in the existing divs, scaling them down and positioning them at corners to make them seem kinda like they\'92re real embedded images.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Not being able to make sense of the HTML (where is it broken up? What do all these tags mean? What controls what?). Solution: I went through and picked out all the clear section divs I could see, then changed their background colors to actually be able to see how big each box is, where it is in relation to others, whether it contains anything or not, etc.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}